Test keys extension (#445)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified-test-documentation/dasharo-compatibility/315-network-boot.md

1. Power on the DUT.
1. Hold the `BOOT_MENU_KEY` to enter the UEFI Boot Menu.

> 1. Select the `iPXE Network boot` option using the ++arrow-up++ /
>    ++arrow-down++ / ++arrow-left++ / ++arrow-right++ and press ++enter++.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the `iPXE Network boot` option using the arrow keys and press
   ++enter++.
```
